feat: add possibility to enable/disable exclusive queue feature (#60)
juntossomosmais/django-stomp: README.md

  Optional parameter that controls how many seconds django-stomp will wait for a message to be processed. Defaults to 30 seconds. If defined, this parameter **must** be an integer!

***STOMP_DEFAULT_EXCLUSIVE_QUEUE***

>   Optional parameter that defines if the default value of `exclusive` queue parameter will be True or False in RabbitMQ. The default is `False`.

Reviewer: [suggestion]
We can be more explicit when this is applied:

```suggestion
  Optional parameter that defines the default value of `exclusive` queue parameter will be True or False when creating a queue in RabbitMQ. The default is `False`.
```

Author: Good point! I'll fix it!
